README.md, before:

# ShopSign: a Diverse Scene Text Dataset of Chinese Shop Signs in Street Views
The Website of Our Shop Sign Dataset (a large-scale natural scene images with Chinese texts)


https://arxiv.org/abs/1903.10412

We will share the sample images of our ShopSign dataset on this GitHub respository. 

!!!Update on 2019-05-08!!!

Please kindly notice that, due to several incosistent cases between the images and the annotation files, we need to re-upload the 1258 sample images to Google Drive.  We will do this soon.   Thanks to the users from MeiTuan. 

## (1) 1258 Sample Images of ShopSign.

| Descriptions                         | Ranges of Image IDs  |
| ------------------------------------ | :-----------------:  |
| Images of Horizontal Text-lines:       | 0001-0123 |
| Images of Horizontal Text-lines:       | 5000-5123 |
| Night  Images:                         | 9200-9400 |
| Images of Multi-oriented Text-lines:   | 19000-19202 |
| Images of Multi-oriented Text-lines:   | 20000-20204 |
| Pair Images:                           | 21000-21204 |
| Pair Images:                           | 23000-23204 |
| Total Number of Selected Images:       | 1,258       |
| File Size:                             | 3.2 GB      |


```
Note: 
You may find very few inconsecutive numbers of image IDs: they are 5028, 5116, 9283, 9292, 19154, 21044, 21045.

These 7 images have been reserved, since they contain the frontal faces of humans. 

```
### The Google Drive Link are shared below. 

1,258 Images of ShopSign: 

Annotation Files: 

One image one annotation file. 

Explanation for each line in the annotation file:  

The first 8 values in each annotation file are the coordinates of the quadrilateral bounding box for each text-line. The 9th value (which is 0, or 1) can be ignored.  The rest values are the corresponding texts of the text-line.

## (2) Samples of the five  categories of hard images, please see this link: 

https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ezXbyJrrsAxlxe4gRRwp8w

Goolge Drive Address: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tamGKgNkSuxgBfI_-ZorrrTdq-ep3EZ5/view?usp=sharing

Commit message:

re-uploaded the 1265 sample images of ShopSign
Please kindly notice that, we have re-uploaded the 1265 sample images to Google Drive.  Thanks to the users from MeiTuan.

README.md, after:

# ShopSign: a Diverse Scene Text Dataset of Chinese Shop Signs in Street Views
The Website of Our Shop Sign Dataset (a large-scale natural scene images with Chinese texts)


https://arxiv.org/abs/1903.10412

We will share the sample images of our ShopSign dataset on this GitHub respository. 

!!!Update on 2019-05-10!!!

Please kindly notice that, we have re-uploaded the 1265 sample images to Google Drive.  Thanks to the users from MeiTuan. 

## (1) 1258 Sample Images of ShopSign.

| Descriptions                         | Ranges of Image IDs  |
| ------------------------------------ | :-----------------:  |
| Images of Horizontal Text-lines:       | 0001-0123 |
| Images of Horizontal Text-lines:       | 5000-5123 |
| Night  Images:                         | 9200-9400 |
| Images of Multi-oriented Text-lines:   | 19000-19202 |
| Images of Multi-oriented Text-lines:   | 20000-20204 |
| Pair Images:                           | 21000-21204 |
| Pair Images:                           | 23000-23204 |
| Total Number of Selected Images:       | 1,258       |
| File Size:                             | 3.2 GB      |


```
Note: 
You may find very few inconsecutive numbers of image IDs: they are 5028, 5116, 9283, 9292, 19154, 21044, 21045.

These 7 images are also shared; but since they contain the frontal faces of humans, you must blur them before use. 

1258+7=1265
```
### The Google Drive Link are shared below. 

1,265 Images of ShopSign: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wYXPbvTS0c2d7-drniwQsKR97Mip8DTg/view?usp=sharing


Explanation for each line in the annotation file:  

The first 8 values in each annotation file are the coordinates of the quadrilateral bounding box for each text-line (order: top left, top right, bottom right, bottom right). The 9th value (which is 0, or 1) can be ignored.  The rest values are the corresponding texts of the text-line.

## (2) Samples of the five  categories of hard images, please see this link: 

https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ezXbyJrrsAxlxe4gRRwp8w

Goolge Drive Address: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tamGKgNkSuxgBfI_-ZorrrTdq-ep3EZ5/view?usp=sharing
